Add individual README.md to each sample (#133)
android/ai-samples: samples/genai-image-description/README.md

> # Image Description with Nano Sample

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Image Description with On-Device Gemini Sample
```

Here is the key snippet of code that calls the generative model:

```kotlin
private var imageDescriber: ImageDescriber = ImageDescription.getClient(
    ImageDescriberOptions.builder(context).build(),
)
//...

private suspend fun generateImageDescription(imageUri: Uri) {
    _uiState.value = GenAIImageDescriptionUiState.Generating("")
    val bitmap = MediaStore.Images.Media.getBitmap(context.contentResolver, imageUri)
    val request = ImageDescriptionRequest.builder(bitmap).build()

    imageDescriber.runInference(request) { newText ->
        _uiState.update {
            (it as? GenAIImageDescriptionUiState.Generating)?.copy(partialOutput = it.partialOutput + newText) ?: it
        }
    }.await()
    // ...
}
```

> Read more about [Gemini Nano](https://developer.android.com/ai/gemini-nano/ml-kit-genai) in the Android Documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read more about [GenAI Image Description API](https://developers.google.com/ml-kit/genai/image-description/android) in the documentation.
```
